Disable showing related videos from other channels in `YouTubeVideoBlock` (#2715)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/fast-carrots-divide.md

---
"@comet/cms-site": minor
---

> Add rel=0 to youtube search parameters
> 
> By setting the parameter rel to 0 in the `YouTubeVideoBlock` only related videos from the same channel as the embedded video are shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable showing related videos from other channels in `YouTubeVideoBlock`

By setting the parameter `rel` to `0` only related videos from the same channel as the embedded video are shown.
```

I'd change the title to _what_ you're changing, not _how_ you're achieving it (since it's an implementation detail)
